  The aim of this study is to evaluate the efficacy of personalized and human-centered interventions in assisting users in identifying phishing emails. While previous research has identifiedvarious human factors that contribute to susceptibility to phishing attacks, limited knowledge exists on the most effective interventions for different user categories. This study seeks to determine the effectiveness of diverse interventions based on user groups categorized by prior knowledge on phishing, frequency of email use and email rate as influencing factors in the literature. Specifically, the investigation compared different groups of people and examined the impact of education on low-knowledge users and the impact of training on low to medium knowledge users. Furthermore, I investigated if awareness alerts were effective for all users, including those with high knowledge. Additionally, the study explored potential correlations between personality traits, demographic factors, and the effectiveness of the interventions. The findings from this study could inform the further development of a personalized anti-phishing tool, potentially leading to the creation of a fully functional Gmail plug-in or an application that incorporates the identified effective interventions.

**server.js**: contains all the code used during the study to run the server on the web app.  
**anti-phishing-tool-data-analysis.ipynb**: contains all the code used for the analysis of the study results.  
**datasets/**: folder with the Qualtrics results.  
**training_module.pdf**: contains the slides used for the training module of the study.  
**post-intervention_questionnaire.pdf**: contains the questions used for the pre-intervention questionnaire.  
**pre-intervention_questionnaire.pdf**: contains the questions used for the post-intervention questionnaire.  
